README.md, before:

# srv

<p align="center">
  <br>
  <img src="demo.gif" alt="srv">
  <br>
</p>

![Last version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/Kikobeats/srv.svg?style=flat-square)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/Kikobeats/srv/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/Kikobeats/srv)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/Kikobeats/srv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://coveralls.io/github/Kikobeats/srv)
[![Dependency status](https://img.shields.io/david/Kikobeats/srv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/Kikobeats/srv)
[![Dev Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/Kikobeats/srv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/Kikobeats/srv#info=devDependencies)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/srv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/srv)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://paypal.me/Kikobeats)

> Express with development experience features

## Install

```bash
$ npm install srv --global
```

## License

MIT © [Kiko Beats](https://github.com/Kikobeats).

Commit message:

Load express from external module

README.md, after:

# srv

<p align="center">
  <br>
  <img src="demo.gif" alt="srv">
  <br>
</p>

![Last version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/Kikobeats/srv.svg?style=flat-square)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/Kikobeats/srv/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/Kikobeats/srv)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/Kikobeats/srv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://coveralls.io/github/Kikobeats/srv)
[![Dependency status](https://img.shields.io/david/Kikobeats/srv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/Kikobeats/srv)
[![Dev Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/Kikobeats/srv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/Kikobeats/srv#info=devDependencies)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/srv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/srv)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://paypal.me/Kikobeats)

> HTTP server with Hot Module Replace (HMR) capabilities for development.

## Install

```bash
$ npm install srv --global
```

## License

MIT © [Kiko Beats](https://github.com/Kikobeats).
